
Voting Visualization
As a user, I want to see the approve/disapprove ratio, so I can clearly tell public opinion on a vote.
Acceptance criteria:
1. After a successful vote, the vote buttons should disappear and be replaced with the visualization of past votes.
2. The visualization should not be available to the user until a successful vote by that specific user.
3. The visualization should be manifested as a pie chart that is split on the like/dislike ratio of the topic the user just voted on.
Story source:  SRS – FR4
Estimate:  9 man-hours
Risk: Small
 Value: High
Priority: M


Non-user View
As a non-user, I want information to be displayed when I visit the website, so I can gain knowledge on a voting topic without an account.
Acceptance criteria:
1. In lieu of the voting page, Users should see all the information associated with the given vote topic, but with the ratio of likes to dislikes instead of voting buttons.
2. Non-users should be given an option to register for an account in the navigation header.
3. The first page a non-user should see is a splash page, where they can select specific voting topics to view information and public opinions on them.
Story source:  SRS – FR5
Estimate:  20 man-hours
Risk: Medium
 Value: Medium
Priority:  S

Account Management
As a user, I want to be able to change the information on my account, so I can fix old mistakes during registration or update my information.
Acceptance criteria:
1. The account management page should be accessible from the navigation bar.
2. The account management page should allow for email and password to be updated.
3. Upon an update on the information, a confirmation should be sent to the user on the same webpage, making the update as clear as possible.
Story source:  SRS – FR6
Estimate:  6 man-hours
Risk: High
 Value: Medium
Priority: S


Navigation Bar
As a user, I want every page of the app to be accessible from anywhere in the app, so I can navigate the application quickly. 
Acceptance criteria:
1. The navigation bar should include every main page for the app, including Account information, Past votes by the user, and the voting pages.
2. To non-users, Account specific functionality should either be hidden or replaced with a registration link. 
3. The navigation bar should be hidden on the mobile version of this application, but still accessible. 
4. Navigation bar should be accessible at any time for a user.
Story source:  SRS – FR7
Estimate:  10 man-hours
Risk: Small
 Value: Small
Priority: S

